Update NuGet.Server docs to talk about the new push URL (#1935)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/hosting-packages/NuGet-Server.md

If your server is already secured or you do not otherwise require an API key (for example, when using a private server on a local team network), you can set `requireApiKey` to `false`. All users with access to the server can then push packages.

Starting with NuGet.Server 3.0.0, the URL for pushing packages was change to `http://<domain>/nuget`. Prior to the
3.0.0 release, the push URL was `http://<domain>/api/v2/package`.

With NuGet 3.2.1 and newer, this legacy URL `/api/v2/package` is enabled in addition to `/nuget` by default via
`enableLegacyPushRoute: true` option in your startup config (`NuGetODataConfig.cs` by default). Note that this feature
does not work when multiple feeds are hosted in the same project.

## Removing packages from the feed

With NuGet.Server, the [nuget delete](../reference/cli-reference/cli-ref-delete.md) command removes a package from the repository provided that you include the API key with the comment.

If you want to change the behavior to delist the package instead (leaving it available for package restore), change the `enableDelisting` key in `web.config` to true.

## Configuring the Packages folder

> With `NuGet.Server` 1.5 and later, you can more specifically configure the package folder using the `appSetting/packagesPath` value in `web.config`:

Reviewer: What do you think of this?

```suggestion
With `NuGet.Server` 1.5 and later, you can customize the package folder using the `appSetting/packagesPath` value in `web.config`:
```

Author: Sounds good to me

```xml
<appSettings>
    <!-- Set the value here to specify your custom packages folder. -->
    <add key="packagesPath" value="C:\MyPackages" />
</appSettings>
```

`packagesPath` can be an absolute or virtual path.

When `packagesPath` is omitted or left blank, the packages folder is the default `~/Packages`.

## Making packages available when you publish the web app

To make packages available in the feed when you publish the application to a server, add each `.nupkg` files to the `Packages` folder in Visual Studio, then set each one's **Build Action** to **Content** and **Copy to Output Directory** to **Copy always**:

>     ![Copying packages to the Packages folder in the project](media/Hosting_05-NuGet.Server-Package-Folder.png)

Reviewer: This seems to be broken, see: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/nuget-server?branch=pr-en-us-1935#making-packages-available-when-you-publish-the-web-app

Author: Oh nice catch, I'll fix that
